The following describes the mandatory requirements that must be adhered
to for autoloader interoperability.

Mandatory
---------

* A fully-qualified namespace and a class must have the following
  structure `\<Vendor Name>\(<Namespace>\)*<Class Name>`
* Each namespace must have a top-level namespace ("Vendor Name").
* Each namespace can have as many sub-namespaces as you wish.
* Each namespace separator is converted to a `DIRECTORY_SEPARATOR` when
  being loaded from the file system.
* Each "\_" character in the CLASS NAME is converted to a
  `DIRECTORY_SEPARATOR`. The "\_" character has no special meaning in the
  namespace.
* The fully-qualified namespace and class are suffixed with ".php" when
  being loaded from the file system.
* Alphabetic characters in vendor names, namespaces, and class names may
  contain any combinations of lower case and upper case letters.

Examples
--------

* `\Doctrine\Common\IsolatedClassLoader` => `/path/to/project/lib/vendor/Doctrine/Common/IsolatedClassLoader.php`
* `\Symfony\Core\Request` => `/path/to/project/lib/vendor/Symfony/Core/Request.php`
* `\Zend\Acl` => `/path/to/project/lib/vendor/Zend/Acl.php`
* `\Zend\Mail\Message` => `/path/to/project/lib/vendor/Zend/Mail/Message.php`

Underscores in Namespaces and Class Names
-----------------------------------------

* `\namespace\package\Class_Name` => `/path/to/project/lib/vendor/namespace/package/Class/Name.php`
* `\namespace\package_name\Class_Name` => `/path/to/project/lib/vendor/namespace/package_name/Class/Name.php`

The standards we set here should be the lowest common denominator for
painless autoloader interoperability. You can check if you are
following these standards by utilizing this sample SplClassLoader
implementation which is able to load PHP 5.3 classes.

Example of Implementation
----------------------

Below is an example of function to simply demonstrate how the above
proposed standards are autoloaded.
```php
<?php

function autoload($className)
{
    $className = ltrim($className, '\\');
    $fileName  = '';
    $namespace = '';
    if ($lastNsPos = strripos($className, '\\')) {
        $namespace = substr($className, 0, $lastNsPos);
        $className = substr($className, $lastNsPos + 1);
        $fileName  = str_replace('\\', DIRECTORY_SEPARATOR, $namespace) . DIRECTORY_SEPARATOR;
    }
    $fileName .= str_replace('_', DIRECTORY_SEPARATOR, $className) . '.php';

    require $fileName;
}
```

SplClassLoader Implementation
-----------------------------

The following gist is a sample SplClassLoader implementation that can
load your classes if you follow the autoloader interoperability
standards proposed above. It is a currently recommended way to load PHP
5.3 classes following these standards.

* [http://gist.github.com/221634](http://gist.github.com/221634)
